hi today I'm gonna show you some apps
that I've had a lot of fun with and free
on the table 51 sin well some of them
are all of these strains this fascist
are an example in fashion story and what
you get to have my boutique for clothes
store and you get to design it however
you like order clothes customers will
come gain levels the only thing here
that cost money which cost money in your
life are gems but you can perfectly um
definitely and without them using coins
another game that is fine here are all
the poppies Pappy drive Pappy missile
Pappy step action potato um action swing
are good all other stories clubs or
little bit but the poppies are a little
bit balls yeah um some other fun ones
are is this stupid test or the dummy
test wanted to and where is in the water
of course the famous angry birds which
every month yeah that's also free um
another funding would definitely have to
be the piano app like a little bit app
which is a game but but it's pretty good
you can turn the volume up
bad part you like it this much but if
you hit options you can change it to
four instrument or you can press a song
like let's do a wish you merry christmas
to show you three times check if you
have nothing to do some good books are
good for kids would be the UM Grimm's
fairy tales it's fun to read and yeah
those are some fun apps of course
there's lots more if you have anything
you'd like to recommend to me just
caught it um pleases only nice comments
thank you thanks